Chomsky (1957, p. 17) said "If we rank the sequences of a given length in order of statistical approximation to English, we will find both grammatical and ungrammatical sequences scattered throughout the list; there appears to be no particular relation between order of approximation and grammaticalness." Do current LLM's disprove this?
	

I asked ChatGPT the following: 
	Rate the following sentences on a scale of 0 (totally ungrammatical) to 10 (perfectly grammatical): Running the these that a about. Running the race that a about. Running the race that I about. Running the race is about. Running the race is about winning.

	0: "Running the these that a about."
	0: "Running the race that a about."
	3: "Running the race that I about."
	7: "Running the race is about."
	10: "Running the race is about winning."

	Note: The scores are based on grammaticality not on the meaning, the first two sentences are not making sense at all and the next two sentences are missing some words to make the sentence complete and understandable. The last one is a complete sentence and grammatically sound.

	Is ChatGPT a grammar-o-meter? If not, and if I wanted to construct a grammar-o-meter, what philosophical problems would I run into?
	
	
	Is it meaningful to say that an utterance is grammatical or ungrammatical, at least for an individual?
	
	
	When we have a sense that an utterance is ungrammatical, I think you would call it a "mental state", clearly this can be wrong. I've felt differently about a given utterance after some explanation. So, what do you think is going on with this mental state?
	
	
	Apart from the intention and effort, how does this differ from when we introspect about the grammaticality of a sentence?
	
	
	Can we get at grammaticality through Goodman's process of reflective equilibrium?
	
	
	How would a dispositionalist think differently about grammaticality than a representationalist?
	
	People have drawn parallels between morality and grammaticality. In particular, in the 60s, when people thought generative grammar was the shit, folks were trying to see what it meant for morality. I'm more interested in how the ways we think about morality can inform how we think about grammaticality.
	
	
